[Music]
very good my dear lovers of the
heart attention but what do you ask sitting
because last night when I discovered this I
was like let's go I put my hands on my
head I really understand these
people if they are kamikaze what are they
thinking or rather after everything they had how does it
occur to them done
in the family
have they also been among all the
famous people who have been investigating the
king the king whatever it occurs to this
policeman
but if you tell me maybe not either
no but if he tells me maybe well then
the only search he has done like this I don't know
what no no no no it's that after having been
searching for things for years on
138 famous people he starts searching for the
king too and he thought that they weren't going to
investigate him or that they weren't going to catch him I'm
hallucinating but how can you do that but
how does it occur to you I really don't understand
what people have in mind
on March 8th 2017 this policeman
consulted the ssid database in paul
related to the complaints filed
by a person he did it with his identification number
and searched for the data  relating to the
surnames bourbon and greece
only three people have those surnames
in spain felipe sixth and his sister
cristina and elena at that time in
the media there was talk of
a possible complaint by infanta elena
against the magazine 'el jueves' for a
cover after the sentence of the nos case
in which she was seen with her husband
having sex in a vis a vis in
prison the search had no result at
night mike was telling me that
the data of the kings of the
royal house and others that do not appear in this
type of systems I do not know if it will be like that or not
valid
but well
for that there are official sources that
give you the data of the royal house that
have reported that they have reported
the royal house will be consulted or in other words as a
journalist that is done and you find out
what you have to find out but how are
you going to investigate in an
illicit manner the king or the king's sister it is
that I am really hallucinating the
king's surnames are being included my mother
the next search regarding the
spanish monarchy occurred on  On
September 26th of the same year, also using his
police identification number, I search for
the name Mohamed Kayali, but this
time in the Argos database, which collects
criminal records. This
time the search does yield results.
Until further notice, it includes the summary
consulted by this newspaper, but the
internal affairs agents who are
dedicated to investigating the
black sheep of the police point out that it is impossible to
determine the date. He finds what he
is looking for. Of
course, we cannot see the
mind either. Well, you can intuit from the dates, it
could be more or less what he
could be looking for, but at that moment we
must remain silent. And well, they do not know what
exactly he would be looking for, whether to
spread gossip or whatever, for
example, what happened with the Infanta Cristina, well,
yes, I do search for it around that date. They were
talking about the complaint against El Jueves. Well,
surely he was looking for that. No,
but of course, I understand that there are complaints in the
database and for Paul, the
complaints
that you file at the police station appear. I do not know. I do not
know because, of course, if they went through
criminal proceedings, I do not know. I do not know, really, because I do
not understand, I am not.  I'm not a police officer or work in
a court or anything but I don't know if it's the
same and in the same registry the
complaints when you file them through a lawyer
in court and so on as when you file it
with the police I don't know no I don't know if
the same database will appear I have no idea
but I'm really amazed at the
impunity that one can see I mean
when the years go by and nothing happens to you
look at the impunity that one sees
that says well nothing happens here that he doesn't
look at me every time you go know how many
years these people have been
doing this it comes out how many years they have
been consulting the database
but we're talking about what to continue I would say
a decade or more I would say
so long high it's been five six
seven years and they're not investigating you or
tapping you or nobody tells you
hey why are you involved in here I would pretend to be
clear you say here we are being watched
nobody here nobody notices
with nerve these people talking on
TV and Turin my god incredible with
family incredible for nothing I'm like this it
gets serious I was thinking how
good in  that the same thing didn't think about
jail because the years that pass I don't know
what I don't know how much I saw the most
screwed up is the policeman and now I keep
seeing him every time these things you say
well the policeman the policeman has looked up
the last names Bourbon and Greece
this I usually eat policeman more than anyone else
because here as they demonstrate that this was
asked for that the conversations are not
family this is that I already tell you they will be
very aware of the channel they will be very
aware of the channels have
notifications activated
and make sure that you are subscribed today I
upload an incredible incredible video on the
main channel so that I am aware
of Xavi Oliveira but this is
updated hourly it is that every day
new things are leaked you have to keep
in mind that there are 3,000 or 4,000
pages of the summary or rather I don't know how much we
will have right now but I imagine
that we will have no idea 20 30 or 40
percent I don't know because we are talking about
many pages many folios
families will be reading the
comments box do not forget your opinion
always with respect I send you a hug
huge and see you in the next video
[Music]